oops
How about you tell me how much?
This is the first time someone
Dare to use this method
Keep me
so
You make money
I'll let you take care of me
Make money
Mr. Fan
for you
Make money
Too vulgar
I
Give you one directly
A gift worth 100 million
How about it
you want me
The conscience of heaven and earth
Mr. Fan
I said
Everything is true
OK
International Honors Section
The land to the west
worth 99 million
That's it
OK
You contact the seller
I pay
Give it to you
This is the seller account
Make money
good
You have successfully made transaction notes for girls
Spend NT$99 million Ai Yi’s remarks
Consumption of 99 million yuan by the Group Consumption>
Spend NT$99 million
Nine hundred and ninety square meters
The rebate has been credited
alright
You use your mobile phone
Just did it twice
Just bought the value
Nine thousand nine hundred square meters of land
do you think
will i believe it
Then we
Just wait and see
Mr. Fan
I had a pen just now
A huge sum of nine thousand nine hundred square meters
in the name of our company
Photographed
International Honors Section
the land to the west
Are you sure it's that amount?
It’s absolutely true Mr. Fan
The land to the west
Already ours
How about it
Mr. Fan
this gift
do you still like it
Say it
How many shares do you want
I said
I don't invest
Only support
If you were
disagree
If I take care of you
Then take the money you just had
Give it back to me
That's ninety-nine million
are you sure
Don't want any shares
I gave it all to you
Ninety-nine million
Could it be
Mr. Fan
You are not willing yet
Do you want me to take care of you?